Docs/grammarly check (#479)
chakra-ui/chakra-ui-vue: website/pages/icon.mdx

import { CIcon } from "@chakra-ui/vue";
```

> Use an icon bypassing the `name` props. This name must match an icon key in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use an icon by passing the `name` pros. This name must match an icon key in
```

Author: I do think props shoulds stay props right?

Reviewer: Yes props should remain props.
